OKTA-1216425 - Add JavaScript tab to OIE upgrade API/SDK guide (#6288)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-add-sdk-to-your-app/main/javascript/langspecificmapguide.md

> After adding the SDK to your app, upgrade your authentication use cases to the Identity Engine SDK. See [Upgrade your application to the Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-api-sdk-to-oie-sdk/javascript/main/) to learn how to map your existing implementations. The process differs by use case. For a closer look at using Auth JS in a browser-based app, see [Auth JS fundamentals](/docs/guides/auth-js/main/). Also, check out the [sample apps](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples) to see working examples of all the supported use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you add the SDK to your app, upgrade your authentication use cases to the Identity Engine SDK. See [Upgrade your application to the Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-api-sdk-to-oie-sdk/javascript/main/) to learn how to map your existing implementations. The process differs by use case. For a closer look at using Auth JS in a browser-based app, see [Auth JS fundamentals](/docs/guides/auth-js/main/). Also, check out the [sample apps](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples) to see working examples of all the supported use cases.
```
